19.05 PaulGreening RubenSchulz
 Ruben, who is this?
 It’s Paul. We have a problem.
 What do you mean?
 You have been compromised.; She knows about your involvement.
 How do you know this?
 You have been watched over the entire day.; A big goon or two has been following your every move.; You need to back out of this project now.
 I see.
 How have you not seen those Terminator replicas following you?
 I don't know. But you do what needs to be done.
 I will. Killing will happen during the night.
 I’m glad to hear that.
 For now, do not contact me in any way.
 I understand.

19:15 ErneJensberg Outsidecaller
 Honey! Are you there?
 Yes…
 Have you been crying?
 No…
 The hotel called me..; You haven’t left your room all weekend?
 Maybe…
 Honey, why? Are you sick?; Have you been listening to Phil Collins all alone again?
 No hubby… *sniffle*
 What is it then?
 MY BREATH STINKS!
 What?
 You forgot my damn toothbrush and now my breath stinks!!
 Honey, please.. Relax.
 Don’t honey me!
 Honey… No, I mean…
 *Beep beep beep*

20.00 PaulGreening SvelanaAksakova
 Svetlana.
 Hi, it’s Paul.
 Oh, hello Paul.
 What are you up to tonight?
 No plans yet…
 Would you like some room service?
 That could be fun..
 I’ll be there at 23.00. 
 I still have meetings then, unfortunately.
 Oh. Well there is of course time during the night too...
 What are you suggesting?
 The summit’s gonna be over soon..; And we will all go to our separate ways.;We could have a night to remember.
 That’s true.; Fortune favours the bold!
 That’s the spirit!

20:30 MatthiasEbner HansBraun
 Hans Braun.
 Hi Hans, it’s Matthias Ebner.
 Is there something wrong Matthias?; You have had some very bad press today.; Why in hell would you go saying something like that?; It was like Knight Rider selling his car!
 I was blackmailed.; Not the first time on that.
 I can imagine how..;And actually I can imagine why too.
 I bet you can deduct who did the blackmailing?
 Hmmmm…;Fekete? She’s a real viper that one.
 Sure is.; You got any way to get back at her?; Or any other way to help out a fellow Westerner?
 Heh. As if we were good friends.; But I’ll be damned to let that bitch strong-arm an ally.
 I knew it.; What do you have?
 She has reputation to have good connections with the Soviet Motherland.; You can ruin that up easily.
 How?
 Just develop a believable story about her exposing Soviet undercover spies.; Or revealing other secrets.; That should do it.
 Really? That’s it?
 Yes. It will just take some time; to come up with a good show for the Soviets.; Have patience.
 Sure. Thanks.
 No problem.

22:20 SvetlanaAksavova PjotrSchmetka
 Svetlana?
 Pjotr!
 Yes!
 Did you find out anything?
 Yeah, Ruben seems to be playing both sides.
 Oh, really?
 Yes. You cannot trust him.
 I will kill him!
 Easy now. Someone might be listening…
 I don’t care! That two-faced bastard…; I will confront him tonight.; He won’t get off easy.
 I am glad I am not in his shoes.
 Yes, this will not end good for him. Thank you Pjotr.
 Talk to you later Svetlana!

22.30 PaulGreening LauraClarke
 Laura!
 It’s Paul. Tonight at 3AM, come to Svetlana’s room.
 Ok, why?
 I need help cleaning my tracks and setting the thing up.
 Wasn’t Ruben gonna do this?
 He can’t, he has been compromised.; God! Don’t any of you watch your backs?
 Ah, that’s the reason there were these new bodyguards?
 Right.. Bodyguards! More like Eastern-European goons.; Probably sent by Pjotr Schmetka.
 Fuck! Should we cancel the hit?
 No, we can do this.; We are still uncompromised and not under suspicion.
 Yeah, are you sure?
 Are you getting cold feet?
 What? About killing a person?; Sure I have doubts, because I have a heart, you maniac!
 Okay okay, just calm down.; We are gonna be careful and do it in the middle of the night.; I got the syringe and it will look like a seizure.; She died peacefully in her sleep, they will write!
 If you are absolutely sure.; This is almost like a Dynasty plot; Anyway, let’s do it.
 Let’s do it. 3AM.
 3AM.


