19:30 PaulGreening SvetlanaAksakova
 This is Ms. Aksakova, who is calling?
 Hi Svetlana, it’s just me Paul. 
 Paul? Mr. Greening?
 Oh just call me Paul, please.; You really did an impression on me with your ideas today.
 Really now, Paul? And what kind of an impression are we talking about?
 Oh, I was thinking we could talk about it over dinner tonight? 
 Very straight forward Paul..
 That’s the way the world works.; You have to go for every opportunity.; I’ll see you in the lobby at 22:00?
 Well.. 
 Ok, 21.00?
 ...That might work...
 Good! See you later.
 See you. Bye...

19:50 ZsofiFekete MatthiasEbner
 Ebner, who is calling?
 Fekete, Zsofi Fekete. I just recently got this dossier..
 Yeah?
 Yeah... With some pretty interesting pictures!
 *glump* What are you talking about?
 Pictures of you and certain women.
 Haha, those have appeared in all the Austrian Tabloids allready.. 
 Well these women, in the pictures..; They are married to certain men.. Important men.
 Whatever you think you have…
 Men who would madly want to know about these pictures.;Men with power and status.
 Ok,ok. Shut up! What do you want?
 I want you to comment on something.
 Ok, thats all? .;What kind of comment?
 We want you to compliment the great way the Hungarian parliament has been handling most recent problems with immigrants.
 Fuck off! You threw people to the streets and barred them all help.
 Indeed, but it will sound bad if you phrase it like that.
 How should I phrase it then, you crazy fool!
 Careful dear Matthias.; Photos, remember..; Why not just say something like…;Hungary has performed magnificently under great pressure lately.
 No, that would be political suicide!;Endorsement like that will destroy my career.;
 I don't care about your career.; So what do you say? Want to give a statement with me to the press?; Or should I just publish these pictures..?;
 Alright, fuck, you got me cornered you douche..
 I’ll take that as a yes. Brilliant!;So nice doing politics with you!
 I won’t forget this...
 Me too.. Bye-bye!

20:10 SvetlanaAksakova PjotrSchmetka
 Schemtka, who is this?
 Svetlana Aksakova.
 Oh, Madam Aksakova, what a pleasure!;How can I help you?
 I think there is something fishy going on here at the summit.; 
 What? No…;Are you sure?
 Definitely! And you know I have good instincts.
 You do, you do...
 Get someone to keep an eye on Ruben Schulz.
 Of course, of course.; But why Ruben? Has he done something?
 Maybe… I don’t know.;I have a bad feeling.
 I see, well.. Better safe than sorry!
 Exactly. We have a big undertaking going on.; Nothing should deter or interrupt it.
 I agree.; About the undertaking. Can we discuss it tonight?
 No, this British fresh face wants to take me out to dinner.; He wants to talk about my “ideas”.; I think he may have a secondary objective too.
 Hehe, of course you do. Be careful so you don’t get to paranoid!
 Haha, very funny! You can’t be too paranoid in this business.
 That is true. Try to enjoy your evening Madam.
 Thanks, good night Pjotr.
 

20:30 PaulGreening RubenSchulz
 Schulz.
 Paul here. She took the bait.
 Good man! Are you going to do it tonight?
 No, I am a gentleman.
 Tomorrow then?
 Yeah. Tomorrow evening hopefully.
 Good, remember to have some kind of protection.;Those soviets can’t be trusted.
 Hehe. Of course, I’m not stupid.; And you just remember to do your part too.
 Naturally. Bye.
 Bye.

22.00 NeilMoore LauraClarke
 Laura!
 It’s Neil. What are you doing?
 What do you think? I’m working.
 Well.. I feel like you have been giving a bullshit effort this weekend.; You know this is an  important summit…; There can be great results achieved here!
 What do you mean sir? All I’ve done is to work.
 Well I am sorry, but the work has not been up to par recently.
 Could be because I am a bit overworked...
 Are you sure it’s just the work?
 What do you mean?
 Well... With this new boyfriend and all...; Is he treating you right?; Everything okay?
 That’s none of your business!; And yes everything is okay!
 No need to yell at me girl.; You can say anything you want, but I don’t believe a word you say.
 Well that’s your problem.
 That’s your problem too, if I can’t trust you.
 You can rely on me.; The workload will be less soon and the quality of my output will be great again, as usual.
 I sure hope so.; Of course I still have my doubts...
 Whatever. Good night!
 Good night Laura.

23:30 LauraClarke PaulGreening
 Paul Greening.
 Laura Clarke calling, how did it go?
 Hello Saporo! I am a bit busy at the moment. 
 Busy? Are the plans going ahead?
 No, it has not been set in motion yet.
 What are you waiting for?
 It is not the right time yet. We’d be wise to wait until tomorrow.
 What?
 Could I remind you, I’m busy now?
 Ah, she is there? You snake!
 Good Mr. Saporo! We will discuss this further tomorrow.
 Don’t fall in love now.. You wouldn’t last long in Soviet politics!
 Yes, good night!

23:00 HansBraun NeilMoore
 Moore, what is this about?
 IT’S HANS HIER!; HAHAAHEHEHEEE!
 Hansi-boy! You have been drinking, I hear...
 Mein Gott, JA! Hey hey, I got this joke.
 A joke? You called me in the middle of the night?; For a damn joke?
 No wait, you have to listen to this!; Okay, so; How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?
 I don´t know, Hansi-boy.
 Ten-tickles!!; Hahahaa!;
 Hahahaahaa!; Oh I gotta tell you this one!
 I knew I had to call you!; Hahahaaa!
 Ok, how do you top a car?
 Top a car? You mean stop a car?
 No, I mean how do you top a car?
 You mean like a top?; Are you talking about a convertible?
 How do you top a car?
 Scheisse Neil, I have no clue.
 Tep on the brake, tupid.;You get it?; Hansi-Boy, you still there?; Hans?
 BWAHAHAHAHAH! Top a car!; BWAHHHAHAH!
 Good one?; I hear you like it Hansi-boy.
 Hehehee! You know it!; But wait.. Like you yankees say: there is more!; What do you call bees that produce milk?
 I feel like I should know this one.; Ok I give up. What?
 Hehehee! Boo-bees!
 BUAHAHAAHAA!; Dear god that’s a good one!; Hahahahaa!
 That reminds me Neil; Did you see the hooters on that lady in red?; Oh Svetlana, I oughta…
 Too bad you brought your wife with you Hans.; Speaking of witch of a wife;What’s the difference between your wife and your job?
 Now don't you go bringing my wife into this… 
 After five years, your job will still suck.
 Damn you Moore.; But that´s good though. Ouch.; My turn. This is a legend!; Two nuns are riding their bikes through some old Roman streets.; The younger says, "I've never come this way before."; The older one replies, "It's the cobblestones."
 What..
 You getting it?; You coming to it?
 OOH! HAHAHAHAHAA!; Goddamnit that’s a great one!
 Damn right it is!; Hey, I’m gonna tell these to the East-German colleagues; just to test their character.; If they don’t get these I’ll embarrass them in the summit tomorrow!
 Hahaha! You do that! See you tomorrow!
 Ja, good night!

